We are in 2026 and in my opinion, the
content strategy on LinkedIn needs a
total revamp. I'm going to explain in
this video how I created a following
base of over 160,000 marketers and
founders across the entire globe. If you
want to build a community or an
audience, you need to have a specific
topic and a specific strategy to talk
about this topic. You need to create
fresh and unique content that is
different from other creators. And
[music] you also need a distribution
strategy like what to post, when to
post, and how do you engage with other
on the platform. Overall, it's a set of
questions that create your distribution
strategy. And in this video, I'm also
going to explain how I created my
content strategy on LinkedIn and the
framework [music] that I actually used.
But first, I will give you a bit of
context about the current content
framework that most people use and that
in my opinion is not pragmatic enough.
So as you can see on this slide the
current framework is called tofu mofu
bofu. It stands for top of funnel,
middle of funnel and bottom of funnel.
Basically what it says is that you
should start by top of funnel content
which is mainly about your stories that
is about inspiration you know like
things that can be relatable for anyone
on the platform. Then you have the
middle of funnel content which is the
content that will talk about your
industry your expertise at a broad
level. And then the last type of content
is bottom of funnel content which is
basically content that is here to sell.
So the core principle of this framework
is really simple. First you attract a
lot of people in your audience and
network with stories [music] with broad
content as well. Second, you refine your
audience by building authority and
creating more specific content related
to your expertise. And third, you sell
with precise content solving a specific
pain or problem. So that is the current
framework that most people use on every
social channels including LinkedIn. And
I'm going to tell you why I think it's
not the best one. First reason, if you
have a B2B business that is specific and
niche, you don't need to attract broad
audiences because they will probably not
be interested by what you are selling.
Second reason is if you're building a
following base with only people that are
not really interested about your
expertise, when you will post about a
specific topic and about your offer, the
people in your network will not engage
with it because simply they are not
interested. and overall the content will
[music] plunge. The third reason is
related as well. If you build a
following base of people that are not
interested by your expertise content,
you will get addicted to the broad
content like top ofunnel content and
stories because it will be the only way
for you to get likes and engagement.
[music] And fourth reason, LinkedIn
Rhino in my opinion is prioritizing
expert content rather than personal
stories. So, this was the current
framework for content creation and the
four reasons why I think it's not the
best one right now. Now, I'm going to
explain my framework that I've been
using for the past 4 years and that is
pretty effective in my opinion. I used
it to get over 50 million impressions
and over 160,000 follower. As you can
see on this slide, the framework doesn't
look that different, but the mindset
behind it is very different. So it's
called the authority first framework.
Basically we will lead with our
expertise rather than with personal
stories [music] and top of funnel
content. I will give you the breakdown
of the authority first framework.
Everything starts from industry content.
Basically 70% of what you are posting on
the social channels will be about your
expertise, your industry and your
specific skills. Here you have to shift
your focus from growing an audience to
sharing useful insights to increase your
authority in your industry. So publish
70% about your expertise, your opinion
on the industry, some analysis, some
trends, how-tos or infographics that
describe a specific problem in your
industry. Here what is important is that
you don't copy your competitors. All the
insights that you are sharing come from
your experience or your expertise. So
it's the only way to create unique and
fresh content that cannot be seen on
other platform or from other creators
because you know what nobody wants to
read content that come from generic
sources like geni and content that is a
commodity because it's available
everywhere. So that's the first part of
the authority first framework. Publish
70% of industry related content that
will build and increase your authority.
The second type of content that you need
to share is personal stories that are
related to your industry expertise or
your career and entrepreneur journey.
Here it's different from the first
framework tofu mofu buff because you are
not leading with broad personal content.
You are leading with authority. But then
when your authority is kind of settled
and increasing, you can also talk about
yourself or about your company. Why?
Because at the end of the day, people
buy from people. So if you incarnate
your content, it will be easier for you
to sell. To give you an example, I
started publishing personal stories to
incarnate my content after building
authority. and I saw an uplift in
inbound leads and closing rates thanks
to this type of content. Here are some
examples. First, how you got where you
are now. Share stories and also share
your opinion. Second, behind the scenes,
how you work, what you do when you're
working and when you're not working.
Also, you can build in public showing
how you are creating your company or
your career. Rhino. The goal here is to
connect with potential buyers and also
with your audience. Connect at a
personal level. Showing your personality
puts you by definition in a monopoly
state because there is only one you with
your personal stories, your opinions,
and your expertise in the market. This
should represent 15% of your content.
Quick break. If you want to go further
on your content strategy on LinkedIn,
download my free LinkedIn strategy
playbook for 2026. It's in the
description. The third type of content,
we can call it conversion content or
offer content here. It's really simple.
It's the way to transform all this
authority and impressions into prospects
and revenue pipeline. The goal here is
to either sell your offer directly or to
lead to what I call a content upgrade or
to lead to a call or a demo with your
target audience. The first thing
obviously is that you need to set up
your profile on the social channel such
as LinkedIn. So your offer needs to be
clear, consistent, coherent, easy to
understand and should obviously have a
high perceived value. Then you need to
define the objective every time you do
this type of content. Do you want to get
more newsletter subscribers? Do you want
more product users, more free trials,
more sales calls or more coaching
clients? Then the goal here is to be
granular in the way you help your
clients. And I'm going to give you a
simple framework to sell your offer.
It's the PA framework. Problem agitate
solution. So what you're going to do is
to first talk about the problem you're
solving with a real example, a quote
from one of your client. Then you're
going to agitate this pain with
examples, symptoms, just explain why
it's so painful. And then the S stands
for solution. You're going to explain
your solution. And at the end of your
post, you will add a CTA, call to action
that leads to a call or to a product or
to your newsletter, for example. So with
the PAS framework, you will be able to
sell your offer inside your content
directly. This type of content should
represent 15% of your content plan. So
now here is the summary of the authority
first framework. First 70% of authority
content with expertise, opinions, trends
and analysis. Then 15% of personal
stories behind the scenes founder
journey building in public. And third,
15% of offer content with the problem
agitate solution framework. Now, here is
the last thing. This is not the best
framework if you want to grow a very
broad following very fast and follower
account is the only thing that matters
to you. Second, you don't want to be
perceived as an expert. You don't really
care about that. And third, you don't
have anything to sell. But if you want
to build a qualified audience of
experts, if you want to be perceived as
the go-to expert in your industry, and
if you have an offer to sell, then I
really believe it's the best framework
for your LinkedIn content strategy from
now on. All right, that was my authority
first framework. I think it's a very
good strategy for you to put in place
right now in order to leverage different
social channel, especially LinkedIn.
Hey, if you like this video, make sure
to subscribe to the channel to get the
next video about LinkedIn and content
and B2B marketing. And also, you can
like it and comment. It will help me a